# Notes

22:54

# Sections

## Title
## Outline
-   Introduction
-   Performance
-   Footprint
-   Security
-   Conclusion
## Cloud Computing 
-   (diagram of what cc is)
## Virtualization Architectures 
-   (diagram of what type 1 virt'n vs type 2 virt'n is)
## Introduction to OSv
-   What is OSv, also list of features
## Motivation
-   Is it truly advantageous to use OSv?
-   we will look at performance, memory, and footprinting
## Performance
-   most material is from paper called "Hypervisors vs Lightweight Containerization"
## Performance Test Setup
-   list of specs
-   table of software versions
## CPU
-   perf graph for MFLOPS per kb of data for different virt'n software
## Memory
-   perf graph for MB of memory throughput per second for different virt'n software
## Network
-   perf table for txn/sec of UDP and TCP packets
## Overall Performance
-   CPU is equivalent, but OSv memory throughput much lower than linux, and OSv network throughput is slightly higher than linux
## Footprinting
-   empirical evidence
## VM Setup
-   vm configuration
## Footprinting results
-   list of images by size,memory,threads,ports
## Security Considerations
-   title slide
## Single-purpose vs Multi-purpose apps
-   OSv may be more secure, because each OSv instance is used to run a single process. You're minimizing attack cross-section. If one OSv instance is compromised, impact is minimized.
## Single-purpose vs single-purpose
-   In cloud, most VMs are single purpose, even though the OS is general purpose (useless extra stuff)
-   Does OSv advantage actually hold?
    -   No, if you're using a GPOS for only 1 purpose.
## OS Vulns
-   Is Linux more vulnerable than OSv?
    -   For specific vulns in linux and centos, there's not a lot of vulns found and exploited in the last few years.
## Conclusion
-   OSv may not be more peformance
-   OSv is lightweight
-   OSv may have *minor* security advantages
## Future work
-   OSv is not a mature OS. Perf claims need to be backed up.
-   Actual cloud performance benchmark would be useful
-   Deeper security assessment of OSv is warranted. How much is unknown vs secured?

# Link

https://youtu.be/RdbpAjG0s3E